[SYCL][ESIMD][Doc] Add simd_view example (#10128)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/supported/sycl_ext_intel_esimd/examples/README.md

          });
    });
    ```
3) Using simd_view to construct views of simd objects - ["simd_view"](./simd_view.md).
   Please see the full source code here: ["simd_view"](./simd_view.md).

   ```c++
   float *a = malloc_shared<float>(Size, q); // USM memory for A.

>    // Initialize a...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // Initialize a.
```

>    // Initialize a...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // Initialize a.
```

Author: Thanks.

   // For elements of 'a' with indices, which are:
   //   * multiple of 4: multiply by 6;
   //   * multiple of 2: multiply by 3;
   q.submit([&](handler &cgh) {
      cgh.parallel_for(Size / VL, [=](id<1> i) [[intel::sycl_explicit_simd]] {
        auto element_offset = i * VL;
        simd<float, VL> vec_a(a + element_offset);

>         // simd_view of simd<float, VL> with even indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // simd_view of simd<float, VL> using the even-index elements.
```

maybe this is more clear?

        auto vec_a_even_elems_view = vec_a.select<VL / 2, 2>(0);
        vec_a_even_elems_view *= 3;

        // simd_view with even indices constructed from previous
        // simd_view of simd<float, VL> with even indices.

>         // This results in a view containing multiple of 4 indices of vec_a.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // This results in a simd_view containing everything fourth element of vec_a.
```

       })
    ```

4) Using simd_view to construct views of simd objects - ["simd_view"](./simd_view.md).
   Please see the full source code here: ["simd_view"](./simd_view.md).

   ```c++
   float *a = malloc_shared<float>(Size, q); // USM memory for A.

   // Initialize a.

   // For elements of 'a' with indices, which are:
   //   * multiple of 4: multiply by 6;
   //   * multiple of 2: multiply by 3;
   q.parallel_for(Size / VL, [=](id<1> i) [[intel::sycl_explicit_simd]] {
      auto element_offset = i * VL;
      simd<float, VL> vec_a(a + element_offset);

      // simd_view of simd<float, VL> using the even-index elements.
      auto vec_a_even_elems_view = vec_a.select<VL / 2, 2>(0);
      vec_a_even_elems_view *= 3;

      // simd_view with even indices constructed from previous
      // simd_view of simd<float, VL> using the even-index elements.

>       // This results in a simd_view containing everything fourth element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // This results in a simd_view containing every fourth element
```

sorry my typo fix comment had a typo :)

Author: Thanks, I did not notice as well.
